Allrecipes member meshell chen shares
this recipe saying this is an authentic
Indian naan recipe it goes well with
Indian curries start by pouring 2/3 of a
cup of warm water 110 degrees into a
bowl add in 1 TSP of active dry yeast
along with 1 TSP of white sugar whisk
the ingredients together well making
sure that the yeast is completely
dissolved in the water then cover the
bowl with a clean towel and place the
yeast mixture in a warm place to stand
for at least 10 minutes until the yeast
blooms into a foamy texture meanwhile
sift 2 cups of all-purpose flour along
with 1 teaspoon of salt onto parchment
paper
sift the flour and salt two more times
now add the flour to the yeast along
with an eighth of a cup of ghee which is
clarified butter used in Indian cooking
you can buy ghee in grocery stores that
have an international section then add
two tablespoons of plain yogurt mix
these ingredients into a soft dough
grease a large bowl and lightly flour a
clean dry surface turn the dough out
onto your floured surface and knead the
dough for about five minutes or until
the dough is smooth and elastic place
the dough in the greased Bowl and turn
to coat it completely cover it with the
kitchen towel and let the dough stand in
a warm place for about one and a half
hours or until the dough has doubled in
size set your oven on to broil then
cover an inverted baking tray with foil
and grease the foil you can also use a
pizza stone if you have one once the
dough is doubled in size punch it down
in the bowl
turn it back out on a lightly floured
surface knead the dough for five minutes
then cut the dough into six even pieces
roll each piece of dough out into an
8-inch round
continue to roll the remaining five
pieces of dough taking the time to roll
them out evenly
lightly brush each naan with ghee then
sprinkle a quarter of a teaspoon of the
Kalonji on top of each naan Kalonji is
onion seed which you can also get in the
international section of the grocery
store
place one naan on the foil lined oven
tray slide it under the broiler broil it
for two minutes or until the heat side
is puffed and golden turn it over and
broil for another two minutes
remove the cooked naan to a plate and
then follow the same procedure with each
of the remaining five nons serve the
naan warm with your favorite Indian
dishes as Allrecipes member meshell
comments these Indian on are perfect for
serving with any Indian dish that has a
lot of sauce such as any of the butter
chicken recipes you'll find on the all
recipes site